# Outcode Codingtest 

## Interviewee Notes

- **What would you do differently if you had more time?** I would probably have optimized the request_handled() function, making each entered IP be processed in an additional ordered list of IPs, in such a way that in the top100() function it simply extracts the first 100 indices, having a constant time complexity, but risking a little the execution time of request_handled().

- **What is the runtime complexity of each function?** Both the request_handled() and clear() functions handle a time complexity of 1, while the top100 () function would say that it has a complexity of n<sup>2</sup>, without considering the fact of using JavaScript array functions such as splice that allows inserting elements inside of an array and in any position.

- **How does your code work?** Basically I am using a dictionary to store the IPs and count the number of occurrences of each one. In order to show the first 100 IPs with the highest frequency, I go through all the indexes of the dictionary and one by one by placing it within an ordered array from highest to lowest. At the end, the first 100 indices of this resulting array are returned.

- **What other approaches did you decide not to pursue?** Actually, since I understood the problem, the first solution that came to my mind was to use a dictionary to store the IPs, then based on that I was thinking about how to create a function that delivers the first 100 IPs with the highest frequency.

- **How would you test this?** Actually due to lack of time I could not run tests with a large amount of data, but my idea was to populate the IP store (`all-ips.json`) through a script that will take a bank of random IPs generated by another application , then once this is done, it would check the response time of the top100() function.

## Final notes

You can run `npm run test` to run a little test that consist of adding some new IPs and get a list of up to the first 100 IPs with the highest frequency.

That would be all for now, thanks.